OK so let's add some styles of this.
I'm going to go to the subscribe right here on the styles again to make reference to the subscriber
panel.
We're going to add just some styles.
Remember you can go to get have and copy the code.
No problem.
So is going to say text then underscore I'm sorry dash and fat AM line going to align everything to
the center.
So I'm going to say Center Burguet so you can have a pretty fine with.
It's going to be three hundred and fixed and 50 pixels and begin to set it Margene to zero out all.
So we can censor everything right now looks nicer.
It's going to go right here.
You're going to make reference to these three takk.
So again Subscribe Subscribe panel and then age three.
So we want to make it a fun family we a whole of one or whatever it copied from here and I'm going to
say from family for one get.
So we wanted a different font size so I'm going to say font size and it's going to be 35 pixels.
We're going to set the font weight.
So it's going to be font and weight and 300 right.
And we're going to get rid of the margin by default.
So I'm going to say margin bottom and zero
right.
OK so now let's do the Emperor styled but because it's really ugly.
You're going to say Sisk describe panel again and then we make reference to the input get so the input
is going to have a border radius.
So I'm going to say border border and then radius and it's going to be tiny pixels.
Again it just said add some border to it.
So they're going to say border and is going to be three three pixels and then solid and then just DDD
DDD is just a nice segue right.
Nice.
So.
OK.
We're going to make it bigger I'm sorry you're going to line the whole text.
So I'm going to say text align center then went to change the font size is going to be font font size
and then the font size to be turned into pixels.
Right.
We want to add some padding to it so it's going to be padding.
And then just 10 pixels in it looks better.
Ok so I'm going to add margin because everything is kind of together right here.
So it is margin some pixels from the top and bottom and then sets just zero from the left side and from
the sides.
Right.
What else if I just click and care.
You get the focus.
You're going to get the weight of the focus going to go right here.
Copy paste and you make reference to focus
there you go focus.
And the way we get rid of this is going to be outline and it's going to be outline with I believe
zero.
There we go.
OK.
So now we want to style this small right here the text we have.
It's kind of a disclaimer.
Whenever we we just subscribe.
So I'm going to call again says Dr. panel.
And then just call small.
We made a small for that and it's going to have a font size font size and it's going to be really small
10 pixels and just a line height of you know to see what pixels are going to make it through a small
market.
You know it's nice we have the earth ready so we don't need to do the rest.
So let's try one more time.
You say Francis at gmail dot com OK it passes Burguet.
So if I say whatever answer we get.
Check your e-mail.
So this is working.
But let's go to the next section and we will start creating the blocks the animated blanks right here.
Let's go to the next section right now.